Are you kidding me?
Don't go
Is it in the eyes of Mr. Lu?
Not being able to sleep turned out to be a worse thing than death
Yes!
In the countless nights I broke down and couldn't sleep
It was that lullaby that accompanied me to sleep
Then why don't you listen to lullabies?
Because I did something wrong.
I don't deserve to listen to him anymore
So now I even listen to the recording
I can't sleep either.
My subconscious told me
I don't deserve it.
Then why did you call me here?
I'm not a wallboard
I am Witt
Then you know Joe so well
You should be able to sing his songs
You want me to sing you a lullaby?
Is that okay?
I am not buckwheat
What I sing may not work for you
My voice has changed
Even if I sing that lullaby again
It shouldn't work either.
Can you?
Sing it to me again
Even the last time
Go to sleep go to sleep
Lu Changyu, you miss buckwheat now
Or are you more concerned about the stomach pain in front of you?
Is it for you
Even my lullaby can be replaced